ok guys this next video well I mean this
is a video but I mean I'm doing this
right after I just did my three four Mod
video so I'm going to show you how to
mod funny face I know there's not a lot
of good videos out there that show you
how to do it there are a few how I mind
but I just want to make one of my own so
right now we're at Fallout New Vegas
Nexus the best site to download Fallout
New Vegas mods and I prefer using
Firefox for this because internet
explorer is a douche bag and does not
let me do it a lot so this is the baby
Dethklok commander for new vegas i don't
know if any of you watched our chats
purge videos but this is where mr.
cuddles which came from and this I like
this mod I use it it's great you get to
raise a baby deathclaw until it's full
grown and it's it's sweet so first you
want to go to files down I don't know if
you can see but right here there's files
then main files if I already have this
mod but I'm just going to choose this
because it's one I like then you wait
for yours to download here at sea
downloading file when you talk to your
kids about drugs they're up to fifty
percent less likely to use them get
started with our talk kit you can just
tell your kids about not to use drugs
you want to buy stuff alright so then
this thing comes up opening zip file you
have chosen open zip file 37 38 1 dash 1
zip which is that win RAR zip i prefer
when we are but i don't know if any of
you use the 7-zip thing whatever it's
called and so you want to click OK and
then this comes up and then that comes
up there's a text document you can read
this if you want I'm not going to and
then you just take this sometimes if you
don't have the GECK it'll just say ESP
but here it says they say to plug in
data file so you want to right click on
this and go to extract to the specified
folder then you want to find debt your
desktop which is at the top and you go
two that and you
okay and then you close all you click
the bar to just make it go away and then
it is right up here new Vegas baby
Dethklok companion and then you want to
go I'm just setting this back down here
here i'm going to zoom in on this this
is your you want to go to your OC drive
in your control panel and find OC drive
it's on the left it's over here down
here you want to go to program files it
could be in pretty sure it's always in
program files x86 then you scroll down
and you want to find steam double click
on that then you want to find steamapps
then you want to go to common and you
want to go to fallout new vegas and then
you want to go to data and then you have
all this stuff here and so then after
that you want to right click on your
lips right click on your mod that you're
going to download copy it right click
again and click paste in there I already
have it so I'm going this would not come
up if you don't have it already so I'm
going to cancel and then your your mod
should be your mod will be in here and
then you need to go to steam and then
fall into vegas butyou gave up and then
to activate the mod oh great all right
to activate the mod you want to if this
will work all right you want to go to
data files and then all these will come
up well usually if you're just starting
out you only have like one or two which
it will be the fallout new vegas thing
you won't have any of these because
these are all mods and then you want to
find the baby deathclaw commander thing
where is all right your new vegas baby
Dethklok commander and you're going to
want to check it you just check the box
and you put okay and you play your game
all right I hope you learned a lot well
I hope you learn how to mod your game
from this if you have any questions just
put them in the comments area and
audience a line to them because I check
my comments like once a day alright
thanks guys